Add Concept Exercise for type checking. (#2704)
exercism/javascript: exercises/concept/recycling-robot/.docs/instructions.md

## Instructions

You have been hired by a recycling center.
Due to lack of space, all the products are put on the same conveyor belt, but this has lead to different materials mixing together, making them unusable.
To fix this, you have been tasked with making functions to identify the type of a product.

### 1. Check if a value is a boolean

Implement the `isBoolean` function, that checks if a value is a boolean.

```javascript
isBoolean(true);
// => true

isBoolean(null);
// => false
```

### 2. Check if a value is a number.

> Implement the `isNumber` function, that checks if a value is a _finite_ number or bigint, ie not `NaN` or `Infinity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `isNumber` function, that checks if a value is a _finite_ `number` or `bigint`, ie. not `NaN` or `Infinity`.
```

> Sometimes, the device for reading IDs bugs and reads a non-numeric value as `NaN` (Not a Number) or `Infinity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, the device for reading IDs fails and reads a non-numeric value as `NaN` (Not a Number) or `Infinity`.
```

Your function should be able to correctly handle this as well.

```javascript
isNumber(42);
// => true

isNumber('Hello, World!');
// => false

isNumber(42n);
// => true

isNumber(NaN);
// => false
```

### 3. Check if a value is an object

> Implement the `isObject` function, that should check if the value is actually an object, not null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `isObject` function, that should check if the value is an object.
On the conveyor, `null` is nothing and not considered an object.
```

```javascript
isObject({ greeting: 'Hello' });
// => true

isObject(25n);
// => false
```

### 4. Check if a string is numeric

> Implement the `isNumericString` function, that should check if the value is a string but only consists of numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `isNumericString` function, that should check if the value is a string that only consists of digits.
```

```javascript
isNumericString(42);
// => false

isNumericString('42');
// => true

isNumericString('Hi!');
// => false
```

### 5. Check if an object is electronic

> Implement the `isElectronic` function, that checks if an object is an instance of the provided ElectronicDevice class or one of its child classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `isElectronic` function, that checks if an object is an instance of the provided `ElectronicDevice` class or one of its child classes.
```

```javascript

> class Duck {
>   //...
> }
> class WashingMachine extends ElectronicDevice {
>   //...
> }
> isElectronic(new Duck());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class Duck {
  //...
}

class WashingMachine extends ElectronicDevice {
  //...
}

isElectronic(new Duck());
```

// => false

isElectronic(new WashingMachine());
// => false
```

### 6. Check if a value is a non empty array

> Implement the `isNonEmptyArray` function, that checks if an object is a non empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `isNonEmptyArray` function, that checks if a value is a non-empty array.
```

```javascript
isNonEmptyArray([1, 2, 3]);
// => true

isNonEmptyArray([]);
// => false
```

### 7. Check if a value is an empty array

> Implement the `isEmptyArray` function, that checks if an object is an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `isEmptyArray` function, that checks if a value is an empty array.
```
